I have read all the contracts.
That's fine.
Your lawsuit is finally paid off
Yes, it just so happens that Yuchen has also recovered.
And everybody's happy.
Good is good
But now there's a tricky thing
What's wrong? I don't know if I should tell you this.
Ouch, you're halfway there.
Could it be that I can still sell you?
It's a celebration party, right?
There are indeed people
He deliberately made me have sex with Song Zeyu
What!
Song Zeyu has found the one and handed it to him
Wine soup person
Yeah. What did he say?
What does he know?
It must have been directed by someone else
Have you found this person now?
Oops, I just don't know if you're still checking?
Ouch, then what?
No I mean find this person quickly
To know what he's up to
Hope to get out of the water soon
This is also good to have an explanation.
Oops ok
Go to bed early, good night, good night
What do you do?
If they really knew it was Xu Jianchuan
Then I
Hello